Update docs for coco GA release (#365)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: confidential-containers/confidential-containers-deploy.rst

      gpu-operator-f48fd66b-vtfrl                                       1/1     Running   0          86s
      nvidia-cc-manager-7z74t                                           1/1     Running   0          61s
      nvidia-kata-sandbox-device-plugin-daemonset-d5rvg                      1/1     Running   0          30s
      nvidia-sandbox-validator-6xnzc                                    1/1     Running   1          30s
      nvidia-vfio-manager-h229x                                         1/1     Running   0          62s

#. Optional: If you have host access to the worker node, you can perform the following validation steps:

   a. Confirm that the host uses the vfio-pci device driver for GPUs::

         $ lspci -nnk -d 10de:

      *Example Output*:

      .. code-block:: output

         65:00.0 3D controller [0302]: NVIDIA Corporation xxxxxxx [xxx] [10de:xxxx] (rev xx)
                 Subsystem: NVIDIA Corporation xxxxxxx [xxx] [10de:xxxx]
                 Kernel driver in use: vfio-pci
                 Kernel modules: nvidiafb, nouveau

.. _coco-configuration-settings:

> Confidential Containers Configuration Settings

Author: I've added in the sandbox configuration settings. There are more for configuring the cc manager and kata sandbox manager--are any of these configuration settings used frequently? or something to highlight here?

Reviewer: @jojimt @zvonkok @rajatchopra, thoughts?

       Device Plugin pod. Each list item is an ``EnvVar`` object with required
       ``name`` and optional ``value`` fields.
     - ``[]`` (empty list)

.. _coco-configuration-heterogeneous-clusters:

Configuration for Heterogeneous Clusters
----------------------------------------

For heterogeneous clusters with different GPU types, you can specify an empty
``P_GPU_ALIAS`` environment variable for the sandbox device plugin by including
the following in your GPU Operator installation:
``--set sandboxDevicePlugin.env[0].name=P_GPU_ALIAS`` and
``--set sandboxDevicePlugin.env[0].value=""``.

This causes the sandbox device plugin to create GPU model-specific resource
types, for example ``nvidia.com/GH100_H100L_94GB``. This is used instead of the
default ``pgpu`` type, which usually results in advertising a resource of type
``nvidia.com/pgpu``.
Use the exposed device resource types in pod specs by specifying respective resource limits.

Similarly, NVSwitches are exposed as resources of type
``nvidia.com/nvswitch`` by default. You can use the ``NVSWITCH_ALIAS``
environment variable to configure advertising behavior similar to
``P_GPU_ALIAS``.

> Run a Sample Workload

Author: I've updated the sample here to  match the one in the upstream doc, do we want to have a sample for a GPU multinode passthrough example?

Reviewer: @zvonkok - thoughts? I would say yes, but I would only provide a snippet for this further below at the place where we mention the `ppcie` mode for `ccManager` which is a pre-requisite of the multi-GPU example.

...
              limits:
                nvidia.com/pgpu: "8"
                nvidia.com/nvswitch: "4"
```

Reviewer 2: +1 
we should show the config example for mult-GPU as well.

   Confidential Container.
   Specify either the ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-snp`` or ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-tdx`` runtime class, depending on your available nodes.

   In the sample above ``nvidia.com/pgpu`` is the default resource type for GPUs.
   If you are deploying on a heterogeneous cluster, you may want to update the default behavior by specifying the ``P_GPU_ALIAS`` environment variable for the sandbox device plugin.
   Refer to the :ref:`Configuration for Heterogeneous Clusters <coco-configuration-heterogeneous-clusters>` section on this page for more details.

2. Create the pod:

      $ kubectl apply -f cuda-vectoradd-kata.yaml

3. View the logs from pod after the container was started::

      $ kubectl logs -n default cuda-vectoradd-kata

   *Example Output*:

      [Vector addition of 50000 elements]
      Copy input data from the host memory to the CUDA device
      CUDA kernel launch with 196 blocks of 256 threads
      Copy output data from the CUDA device to the host memory
      Test PASSED
      Done

4. Delete the pod:

      $ kubectl delete -f cuda-vectoradd-kata.yaml

.. _managing-confidential-computing-mode:

> Managing the Confidential Computing Mode

Author: When configuring cc on a cluster, this mode will automatically be set to on, right? there is no action a user should have to take?

Reviewer: Yes, this is the default - if your hardware is CC capable, this manager will come up and transition the GPUs into CC mode if they're not in CC mode yet.

Setting a Node-Level Mode
--------------------------

To set a node-level mode, apply the ``nvidia.com/cc.mode=<on|off|ppcie|devtools>`` label like the following example::

   $ kubectl label node <node-name> nvidia.com/cc.mode=on --overwrite

The mode that you set on a node has higher precedence than the cluster-wide default mode.

Verifying a Mode Change
------------------------

To verify that changing the mode was successful, a cluster-wide or node-level change, view the nvidia.com/cc.mode and nvidia.com/cc.mode.state node labels::

   $ kubectl get node <node-name> -o json | \
       jq '.metadata.labels | with_entries(select(.key | startswith("nvidia.com/cc.mode")))'

Example output when CC mode is disabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "off",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

Example output when CC mode is enabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "on",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

The "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state" variable is either "off" or "on", with "off" meaning that mode state transition is still ongoing and "on" meaning mode state transition completed.

.. _additional-resources:

> 

Author: Are there any common troubleshooting things we should call out to users?

******************************
Deploy Confidential Containers
******************************

The page describes deploying the NVIDIA Confidential Container Reference Architecture on Kubernetes using Kata Containers and the NVIDIA GPU Operator.

Before you begin, refer to the :doc:`Confidential Containers Reference Architecture <overview>` for details on the reference architecture and the :doc:`Supported Platforms <supported-platforms>` page for the supported platforms.

Overview
========

The high-level workflow for configuring Confidential Containers is as follows:

#. Configure the :ref:`Prerequisites <coco-prerequisites>`.

#. :ref:`Label Nodes <coco-label-nodes>` that you want to use with Confidential Containers.

#. Install the :ref:`latest Kata Containers Helm chart <coco-install-kata-chart>`.

#. Install the :ref:`NVIDIA GPU Operator configured for Confidential Containers <coco-install-gpu-operator>`.

After installation, you can change the :ref:`confidential computing mode <managing-confidential-computing-mode>` and :ref:`run a sample GPU workload <coco-run-sample-workload>` in a confidential container.

.. _coco-prerequisites:

Prerequisites
=============

> * Use a supported platform for Confidential Containers.

Author: In terms or other services needed, should we call out that folks need to have a secure container registry? or any of the other services mentioned in the architecture image, https://nvidia.github.io/cloud-native-docs/review/pr-365/confidential-containers/latest/overview.html#architecture-overview? We talk about hardware, kata and GPU operator, but dont have as much details about additional services and setup. @Hema-Bontha-NV @manuelh-dev

Reviewer: I defer to @Hema-Bontha-NV here. This is a good question. Ideally they would sign their container images or use a registry they trust with signed images, and ideally they'd have a trusted environment in which they are running trustee. This is however more for the production end-to-end scenario. Since this is our general deployment guide, we don't explain this in detail. Referring to such aspects though can make sense.

  * Host operating system selection, initial configuration, and validation.

  When following the cloud-native sections in the deployment guide linked above, use Ubuntu 25.10 as the host OS with its default kernel version and configuration.

* Ensure hosts are configured to enable hardware virtualization and Access Control Services (ACS).
  With some AMD CPUs and BIOSes, ACS might be grouped under Advanced Error Reporting (AER).
  Enabling these features is typically performed by configuring the host BIOS.
* Configured hosts to support IOMMU.

  * If the output from running ``ls /sys/kernel/iommu_groups`` includes 0, 1, and so on, then your host is configured for IOMMU.
  * If the host is not configured or if you are unsure, add the ``amd_iommu=on`` Linux kernel command-line argument. For most Linux distributions, add the argument to the ``/etc/default/grub`` file, for instance::

       ...
       GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="quiet amd_iommu=on modprobe.blacklist=nouveau"
       ...

    Run ``sudo update-grub`` after making the change to configure the bootloader. Reboot the host after configuring the bootloader.

* A Kubernetes cluster with cluster administrator privileges.

> * It is recommended that you configure your cluster's ``runtimeRequestTimeout``

Reviewer: @a-mccarthy  - please see https://github.com/manuelh-dev/kata-containers/blob/3d9fbe2e987e759ed83b4672a26ddb955772b4f8/docs/use-cases/NVIDIA-GPU-passthrough-and-Kata-QEMU.md#containerd-and-kubernetes:
```
We recommend to configure your Kubelet with a higher runtimeRequestTimeout timeout value than the two minute default timeout. Using the guest-pull mechanism, pulling large images may take a significant amount of time and may delay container start, possibly leading your Kubelet to de-allocate your pod before it transitions from the container creating to the container running state. The NVIDIA shim configurations use a create_container_timeout of 1200s, which is the equivalent value on shim side, controlling the time the shim allows for a container to remain in container creating state. If you need a timeout of more than 1200s, you will also need to adjust the agent's image_pull_timeout value which controls the agent-side timeout for guest-image pull. For this, add the agent.image_pull_timeout kernel parameter to your shim configuration, or pass an explicit value via a pod annotation via io.katacontainers.config.hypervisor.kernel_params= "...". The default value for this timeout is 1200s.
```

Author: @manuelh-dev updated these.

.. _confidential-containers-deploy:

******************************
Deploy Confidential Containers
******************************

The page describes deploying the NVIDIA Confidential Container Reference Architecture on Kubernetes using Kata Containers and the NVIDIA GPU Operator.

Before you begin, refer to the :doc:`Confidential Containers Reference Architecture <overview>` for details on the reference architecture and the :doc:`Supported Platforms <supported-platforms>` page for the supported platforms.

Overview
========

The high-level workflow for configuring Confidential Containers is as follows:

#. Configure the :ref:`Prerequisites <coco-prerequisites>`.

#. :ref:`Label Nodes <coco-label-nodes>` that you want to use with Confidential Containers.

#. Install the :ref:`latest Kata Containers Helm chart <coco-install-kata-chart>`. 
   This installs the Kata Containers runtime binaries, UVM images and kernels, and TEE-specific shims (such as ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-snp`` or ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-tdx``) onto the cluster's worker nodes.

#. Install the :ref:`NVIDIA GPU Operator configured for Confidential Containers <coco-install-gpu-operator>`. 

>    This installs the NVIDIA GPU Operator components that are required to deploy Confidential Containers workloads.

Reviewer: nit: should we add "...with GPU passthrough" here or emphasize that this is required for GPUs? Maybe it's already clear. But it may sound like this is required to deploy any coco workload even w/o GPU.

Please feel free to just close if you think it's clear already

After installation, you can change the :ref:`confidential computing mode <managing-confidential-computing-mode>` and :ref:`run a sample GPU workload <coco-run-sample-workload>` in a confidential container.

This guide will configure your cluster to deploy Confidential Containers workloads.
Once configured, you can schedule workloads that request GPU resources and use the ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-tdx`` or ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-snp`` runtime classes for secure deployment.

.. _coco-prerequisites:

Prerequisites
=============

* Use a supported platform for Confidential Containers.
  For more information, refer to :doc:`Supported Platforms <supported-platforms>`.

  For additional information on node configuration, refer to the *Confidential Computing Deployment Guide* at the `Confidential Computing <https://docs.nvidia.com/confidential-computing>`_ website for information about supported NVIDIA GPUs, such as the NVIDIA Hopper H100.

>   Specifically refer to the `CC deployment guide for SEV-SNP <https://docs.nvidia.com/cc-deployment-guide-snp.pdf>`_ for setup specific to AMD SEV-SNP machines.

Reviewer: @Hema-Bontha-NV - no need to mention the TDX guide here? https://docs.nvidia.com/[cc-deployment-guide-tdx.pdf](https://docs.nvidia.com/cc-deployment-guide-tdx.pdf) - is there to your opinion more gotchas with the SNP stack and it's more straightforward with TDX, hence we don't  mention?

Author: Cleaned this up. its really the same guide now. When this was originally written tdx wasn't supported. so the only guide to call out was the snp guide. but they are no unified into the same PDF :)

* A Kubernetes cluster with cluster administrator privileges.

* It is recommended that you configure your cluster's ``runtimeRequestTimeout`` in your `kubelet configuration <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/>`_ with a higher timeout value than the two minute default.
  You could set this value to 20 minutes to match the default values for the NVIDIA shim configurations in Kata Containers ``create_container_timeout`` and the agent's ``image_pull_timeout``.
 
  Using the guest-pull mechanism, pulling large images may take a significant amount of time and may delay container start.
  This can lead to Kubelet de-allocating your pod before it transitions from the container creating to the container running state. 
  
  The NVIDIA shim configurations in Kata Containers use a default ``create_container_timeout`` of 1200 seconds (20 minutes). 
  This controls the time the shim allows for a container to remain in container creating state. 
 
  If you need a timeout of more than 1200 seconds, you will also need to adjust the agent's ``image_pull_timeout`` value which controls the agent-side timeout for guest-image pull. 

>   To do this, add the ``agent.image_pull_timeout`` kernel parameter to your shim configuration, or pass an explicit value in a pod annotation in the ``io.katacontainers.config.hypervisor.kernel_params="..."`` annotation.  

Reviewer: io.katacontainers.config.hypervisor.kernel_params: "..."

Sorry - I misspelled this when supplying you with the information. Let's make sure we use : and not =

   .. code-block:: console

      $ kubectl label node <node-name> nvidia.com/gpu.workload.config=vm-passthrough

The GPU Operator uses this label to determine what software components to deploy to a node.
The ``nvidia.com/gpu.workload.config=vm-passthrough`` label specifies that the node should receive the software components to run Confidential Containers.
You can use this label on nodes for Confidential Containers workloads, and run traditional container workloads with GPU on other nodes in your cluster.

.. tip::

   Skip this section if you plan to use all nodes in your cluster to run Confidential Containers and instead set ``sandboxWorkloads.defaultWorkload=vm-passthrough`` when installing the GPU Operator.

To check whether the node label has been added, run the following command:

.. code-block:: console

   $ kubectl describe node <node-name> | grep nvidia.com/gpu.workload.config

Example output:

.. code-block:: output

   nvidia.com/gpu.workload.config: vm-passthrough

.. _coco-install-kata-chart:

Install the Kata Containers Helm Chart
--------------------------------------

Install the ``kata-deploy`` Helm chart.

> The ``kata-deploy`` chart installs all required components from the Kata Containers project including the Kata Containers runtime binary, runtime configuration, UVM kernel and initrd that NVIDIA uses for Confidential Containers and native Kata containers.

Reviewer: not the initrd. We use an image, so let's replace initrd with image

The minimum required version is 3.29.0.

#. Get the latest version of the ``kata-deploy`` Helm chart:

   .. code-block:: console

>       $ export VERSION="3.29.0"

Reviewer: did we intentionally decide against using the command from https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/blob/main/docs/use-cases/NVIDIA-GPU-passthrough-and-Kata-QEMU.md#kata-containers

export VERSION=$(curl -sSL https://api.github.com/repos/kata-containers/kata-containers/releases/latest | jq .tag_name | tr -d '"')

uses the github API to determine the latest version. If we have newer versions we either need to update here or rely on users to not use this outdated version in a few months

Author: i dont think we want to open this up to using any latest version. but rather have the docs for the validated versions that we have tested.

--------------------------

To set a node-level mode, apply the ``nvidia.com/cc.mode=<on|off|ppcie|devtools>`` label like the following example::

   $ kubectl label node <node-name> nvidia.com/cc.mode=on --overwrite

The mode that you set on a node has higher precedence than the cluster-wide default mode.

Verifying a Mode Change
------------------------

To verify that changing the mode was successful, a cluster-wide or node-level change, view the nvidia.com/cc.mode and nvidia.com/cc.mode.state node labels::

   $ kubectl get node <node-name> -o json | \
       jq '.metadata.labels | with_entries(select(.key | startswith("nvidia.com/cc.mode")))'

Example output when CC mode is disabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "off",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

Example output when CC mode is enabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "on",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

The "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state" variable is either "off" or "on", with "off" meaning that mode state transition is still ongoing and "on" meaning mode state transition completed.

.. _additional-resources:

Next Steps
==========

> * Refer to the :doc:`Attestation <attestation>` page for more information on configuringattestation.

Reviewer: configuringattestation - missing whitespace

Reviewer: adding the pod security policy to protect the shim to agent interface using the genpolicy tool is related to attestation - at the place where we reference attestation we could at least mention something like "and pod security policies" and refer to relevant documentation from the kata-containers repository: https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/blob/main/docs/how-to/how-to-use-the-kata-agent-policy.md

To set a node-level mode, apply the ``nvidia.com/cc.mode=<on|off|ppcie|devtools>`` label like the following example::

   $ kubectl label node <node-name> nvidia.com/cc.mode=on --overwrite

The mode that you set on a node has higher precedence than the cluster-wide default mode.

Verifying a Mode Change
------------------------

To verify that changing the mode was successful, a cluster-wide or node-level change, view the nvidia.com/cc.mode and nvidia.com/cc.mode.state node labels::

   $ kubectl get node <node-name> -o json | \
       jq '.metadata.labels | with_entries(select(.key | startswith("nvidia.com/cc.mode")))'

Example output when CC mode is disabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "off",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

Example output when CC mode is enabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "on",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

The "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state" variable is either "off" or "on", with "off" meaning that mode state transition is still ongoing and "on" meaning mode state transition completed.

.. _configure-image-pull-timeouts:

Configure Image Pull Timeouts
-----------------------------

> Using the guest-pull mechanism to securly manage images in your deployment scenarios means that pulling large images may take a significant amount of time and may delay container start.

Author: What is the guest pull mechanism? we reference it, but dont really explain it that well.

.. license-header
  SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright (c) 2026 NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.
  SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

.. headings # #, * *, =, -, ^, "

.. _confidential-containers-deploy:

******************************
Deploy Confidential Containers
******************************

> The page describes deploying Kata Containers and the NVIDIA GPU Operator.

Reviewer 3: **Medium**: "The page" should be "This page".

```suggestion
This page describes deploying Kata Containers and the NVIDIA GPU Operator.
```

  * If the host is not configured or if you are unsure, add the ``amd_iommu=on`` Linux kernel command-line argument. For most Linux distributions, add the argument to the ``/etc/default/grub`` file, for instance::

       ...
       GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="quiet amd_iommu=on modprobe.blacklist=nouveau"
       ...

    Run ``sudo update-grub`` after making the change to configure the bootloader. Reboot the host after configuring the bootloader.

* A Kubernetes cluster with cluster administrator privileges.

* It is recommended that you configure your cluster's ``runtimeRequestTimeout`` in your `kubelet configuration <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/>`_ with a higher timeout value than the two minute default.
  You could set this value to 20 minutes to match the default values for the other image pull timeout values in Kata Containers.

  Refer to the :ref:`Configure Image Pull Timeouts <configure-image-pull-timeouts>` section on this page for more details on adjusting the image pull timeout values.

* Enable the ``KubeletPodResourcesGet`` Kubelet feature gate on your cluster.

>   The NVIDIA GPU runtime classes use VFIO cold-plug and requires this feature get to be enabled to allow the Kata runtime to query Kubelet's Pod Resources API to discover allocated GPU devices during sandbox creation.

Reviewer 3: **Medium — Typo**: "feature get" should be "feature gate".

```suggestion
  The NVIDIA GPU runtime classes use VFIO cold-plug and requires this feature gate to be enabled to allow the Kata runtime to query Kubelet's Pod Resources API to discover allocated GPU devices during sandbox creation.
```

#. Optional: Verify that the kata-deploy pod is running:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ kubectl get pods -n kata-system | grep kata-deploy

   *Example Output*

   .. code-block:: output

      NAME                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS      AGE
      kata-deploy-b2lzs       1/1     Running   0             6m37s

#. Optional: View the pod in the kata-system namespace and ensure it is running:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ kubectl get pod,svc -n kata-system

   *Example Output*:

   .. code-block:: output

      NAME                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
      pod/kata-deploy-4f658   1/1     Running   0          21s

   Wait a few minutes for kata-deploy to create the base runtime classes.

#. Verify that the ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu``, ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-snp``, and ``kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu-tdx`` runtime classes are available:

   .. code-block:: console

      $  kubectl get runtimeclass | grep kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu

> 

Reviewer 3: **Low — Extra space**: Double space after `$` in the command prompt.

```suggestion
      $ kubectl get runtimeclass | grep kata-qemu-nvidia-gpu
```

      $ kubectl delete -f cuda-vectoradd-kata.yaml

.. _managing-confidential-computing-mode:

Managing the Confidential Computing Mode
=========================================

You can set the default confidential computing mode of the NVIDIA GPUs by setting the ``ccManager.defaultMode=<on|off|ppcie|devtools>`` option.
The default value of ccManager.defaultMode is ``on``.
You can set this option when you install NVIDIA GPU Operator or afterward by modifying the cluster-policy instance of the ClusterPolicy object.

When you change the mode, the manager performs the following actions:

* Evicts the other GPU Operator operands from the node.

  However, the manager does not drain user workloads. You must make sure that no user workloads are running on the node before you change the mode.

* Unbinds the GPU from the VFIO PCI device driver.
* Changes the mode and resets the GPU.
* Reschedules the other GPU Operator operands.

The supported modes are:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 15 85
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Mode
     - Description
   * - ``on``
     - Enable Confidential Containers.
   * - ``off``
     - Disable Confidential Containers.
   * - ``ppcie``

>      - Enable Confidential Containers with multi-node passthrough on HGX GPUs.

Reviewer 3: **High — Incorrect terminology**: "multi-node passthrough" should be "multi-GPU passthrough" — this is the term used everywhere else in the docs (lines 379, 410, 419, 548, 559–561).

```suggestion
     - Enable Confidential Containers with multi-GPU passthrough on HGX GPUs.
```

The mode that you set on a node has higher precedence than the cluster-wide default mode.

Verifying a Mode Change
------------------------

To verify that changing the mode was successful, a cluster-wide or node-level change, view the nvidia.com/cc.mode and nvidia.com/cc.mode.state node labels::

   $ kubectl get node <node-name> -o json | \
       jq '.metadata.labels | with_entries(select(.key | startswith("nvidia.com/cc.mode")))'

Example output when CC mode is disabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "off",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

Example output when CC mode is enabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode": "on",
     "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state": "on"
   }

The "nvidia.com/cc.mode.state" variable is either "off" or "on", with "off" meaning that mode state transition is still ongoing and "on" meaning mode state transition completed.

Configuring a Multi-GPU Passthrough Support
===========================================

To configure multi-GPU passthrough, you can specify the following resource limits in your manifests:

.. code-block:: yaml

   limits:
      nvidia.com/pgpu: "8"
      nvidia.com/nvswitch: "4"

> On the NVIDIA Hopper architecture multi-GPU passthrough uses protected PCIe (PPCIE) which claims exclusive use of the nvswitches for a single CVM. 

Reviewer 3: **Medium — Capitalization**: "nvswitches" should be "NVSwitches" for consistency with the rest of the document (see lines 370, 557).

```suggestion
On the NVIDIA Hopper architecture multi-GPU passthrough uses protected PCIe (PPCIE) which claims exclusive use of the NVSwitches for a single CVM. 
```

=========================================

You can set the default confidential computing mode of the NVIDIA GPUs by setting the ``ccManager.defaultMode=<on|off|devtools>`` option.
The default value of ccManager.defaultMode is ``on``.
You can set this option when you install NVIDIA GPU Operator or afterward by modifying the cluster-policy instance of the ClusterPolicy object.

When you change the mode, the manager performs the following actions:

* Evicts the other GPU Operator operands from the node.

  However, the manager does not drain user workloads. You must make sure that no user workloads are running on the node before you change the mode.

* Unbinds the GPU from the VFIO PCI device driver.
* Changes the mode and resets the GPU.
* Reschedules the other GPU Operator operands.

The supported modes are:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 15 55 30
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Mode
     - Description
     - Configuration Method
   * - ``on``
     - Enable Confidential Containers.
     - cluster-wide default, node-level override
   * - ``off``
     - Disable Confidential Containers.
     - cluster-wide default, node-level override
   * - ``ppcie``

>      - Enable Confidential Containers with multi-GPU passthrough on HGX GPUs.

Reviewer 4: HGX is a platform type which can have hopper or blackwell. 

```suggestion
     - Enable Confidential Containers with multi-GPU passthrough for Hopper GPUs.
```

>      - Enable Confidential Containers with multi-GPU passthrough on HGX GPUs.

Reviewer 4: /Containers/Computing

The CC mode is the Confidential Computing mode of the GPU

Author: this has been udpated

``devtools``, or ``ppcie``, once the trasition is complete on the node.
A value of ``failed`` indicates that the last mode transition encountered an error.

The ``nvidia.com/cc.ready.state`` label indicates whether the node is ready to run
Confidential Container workloads. It is set to ``true`` when ``cc.mode.state`` is ``on``
or ``ppcie``, and ``false`` when cc.mode.state is ``off``.
It is empty when "devtools" mode is applied.

A mode change is complete and successful when ``nvidia.com/cc.mode`` and
``nvidia.com/cc.mode.state`` have the same value.

Configuring Multi-GPU Passthrough Support
=========================================

To configure multi-GPU passthrough, you can specify the following resource limits in your manifests:

.. code-block:: yaml

   limits:
      nvidia.com/pgpu: "8"
      nvidia.com/nvswitch: "4"

You must assign all the GPUs and NVSwitches on the node in your manifest to the same Confidential Container virtual machine.

On the NVIDIA Hopper architecture multi-GPU passthrough uses protected PCIe (PPCIE) which claims exclusive use of the NVSwitches for a single Confidential Container virtual machine (CVM). 

> When using NVIDIA Hopper nodes for multi-GPU passthrough, transition your relevant node's GPU Confidential Computing mode to ``ppcie`` mode by adding the ``nvidia.com/cc.mode=ppcie`` label.

Reviewer 4: nit 
```suggestion
When using NVIDIA Hopper nodes for multi-GPU passthrough, transition your relevant node's GPU Confidential Computing mode to ``ppcie`` mode by applying the ``nvidia.com/cc.mode=ppcie`` label.
```
